---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to my blog!"
categories: general
author: Mikko Rajakangas
---
Hello and welcome to a sort of a new start in something! I am being very vague
here, and for a reason. Writing this, so far I have very little idea about the
upcoming contents of this blog. I just put it up for the laughs, and to give
[GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/)
a quick test. Frankly, this post is a test as well, and not really intended to
contain anything particularly worth reading.

I am a software developer working in web application development, with only
a few years of development experience in total. It is unlikely that I would
write a ton about the problems I'll face in the working environment specifically,
but it is certainly possible. For most part this blog is intended for me to
write about stuff as I'm learning by doing. I have a habit of taking on side
projects way outside the field of my expertise (if one can take the liberty
of calling my current level of knowledge as such), and as such whether I'm
working on PLD, program verification or some kind of a mobile application,
there's always something new to me.

I'll be trying to write on average one post a week for starters, but who knows.
Also, I know this site looks very plain as is. It's definitely a work in progress
as of now, and I'll be sure to develop it further in the future. For now I'd like
to thank [F* Blog](https://fstarlang.github.io/) for providing me with the initial
template to work with (yes, I shamelessly stole it as was, so here's for them!).